symmetrical obama all waiting in the final
we will follow it in a few moments - stan a subsidiary line
good soil
kovacevic triple tendrils
already this morning
in addition, the first elements of the respondent
it's very well done too
in front of a vault of the province
this Friday
the series of sounds
he intervenes in libya
in preparation for
for the rest of his victory
very well done for you too it's very interesting
we can already see that on the first gymnast is a very good reyes
springboard must not be relied on
and that goes back to the 2000s
a basic note
raise a little
prepared them in the year
children in the final especially
excellent specialists only excellence that these lists the one that you
have done
the group will represent the team from romania
vivendi the mother house
the least heavy rains the stronger to the strong than ours
how to get up the bill
this project we have the best specialists at the end so this
means that the note of egypt
another problem of
everything was played yesterday during the men's qualifications no no no
but hey the thing the problem is mostly on the male side is the
problem in applying the shell code
in women knows and it went well for us
all the previous cycle for him there is no problem